Improve documentation for collection associations (#1420)
thoughtbot/factory_bot: GETTING_STARTED.md

### `has_many` associations

> There are a few ways to generate data for a `has_many` relationships. The

Author: ```suggestion
There are a few ways to generate data for a `has_many` relationship. The
```

      # to create and we make sure the user is associated properly to the post
      after(:create) do |user, evaluator|
        create_list(:post, evaluator.posts_count, user: user)

        # You may need to reload the record here, depending on your application
        user.reload
      end
    end
  end
end

create(:user).posts.length # 0
create(:user_with_posts).posts.length # 5
create(:user_with_posts, posts_count: 15).posts.length # 15
```

> Or for a solution that works with `build`, `build_stubbed`, and `create`

Author: ```suggestion
Or, for a solution that works with `build`, `build_stubbed`, and `create`
```

(although it doesn't work well with `attributes_for`), you can use inline
associations:

```ruby
FactoryBot.define do
  factory :post do
    title { "Through the Looking Glass" }
    user
  end

  factory :user do
    name { "Taylor Kim" }

    factory :user_with_posts do
      posts { [association(:post)] }
    end
  end
end

create(:user).posts.length # 0
create(:user_with_posts).posts.length # 1
build(:user_with_posts).posts.length # 1
build_stubbed(:user_with_posts).posts.length # 1
```

> Or, for more flexibility you can combine this with the `posts_count` transient

Author: ```suggestion
For more flexibility you can combine this with the `posts_count` transient
```

attribute from the callback example:

```ruby
FactoryBot.define do
  factory :post do
    title { "Through the Looking Glass" }
    user
  end

  factory :user do
    name { "Adiza Kumato" }

    factory :user_with_posts do
      transient do
        posts_count { 5 }
      end

      posts do
        Array.new(posts_count) { association(:post) }
      end
    end
  end
end

create(:user_with_posts).posts.length # 5
create(:user_with_posts, posts_count: 15).posts.length # 15
build(:user_with_posts, posts_count: 15).posts.length # 15
build_stubbed(:user_with_posts, posts_count: 15).posts.length # 15
```

### `has_and_belongs_to_many` associations

Generating data for a `has_and_belongs_to_many` relationship is very similar
to the above `has_many` relationship, with a small change: you need to pass an
array of objects to the model's pluralized attribute name rather than a single
object to the singular version of the attribute name.

```ruby
def profile_with_languages(languages_count: 2)

>   FactoryBot.create(:profile) do |user|

Author: ```suggestion
  FactoryBot.create(:profile) do |profile|
```

create(:comment, :for_photo)
```

### Interconnected associations

> There are limitless ways records and other objects might be interconnected, and

Author: ```suggestion
There are limitless ways objects might be interconnected, and
```

create(:comment, :for_photo)
```

### Interconnected associations

There are limitless ways records and other objects might be interconnected, and
factory\_bot may not always be suited to handle those relationships. In some
cases it makes sense to use factory\_bot to build each individual object, and
then to write helper methods in plain Ruby to tie those objects together.

> That said, come of the more complex relationships can be build in factory\_bot

Author: ```suggestion
That said, some more complex, interconnected relationships can be built in factory\_bot
```

using inline associations with reference to the `instance` being built.

Let's say your models look like this, where an associated `Student` and
`Profile` should both belong to the same `School`:

```ruby
class Student < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :school
  has_one :profile
end

class Profile < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :school
  belongs_to :student
end

class School < ApplicationRecord
  has_many :students
  has_many :profiles
end
```

We can ensure the student and profile are connected to each other and to the
same school with a factory like this:

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
